Update Preview Bundle to Sulu 2.4 changes (#698)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: bundles/preview/index.rst

        {
            return unserialize($serializedObject);
        }

        public function getSecurityContext($id, $locale): ?string
        {

>             return ...; // load the name of your security context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            return null; // the security context used in the admin class for this object
```
